# Today's plans
First I need to commit all my work from yesterday since I went on a coding spree. Then I need to split off the `jaq` code into its own module and write unit tests for it.

I think I might flesh out a CLI interface for the project first since that will be most immediately useful instead of worrying about silly ui problems. I am curious on how vim handles displaying because I would like to do something like that.
# Recap
Yesterday I outlined some of the main data structures for the data being stored. I got the web scraping for the basic static pages working well. I added a feature where you can specify a selector to use on the webpage to cut down on the amount of noise in the scraping.

At this point I am trying to integrate a json parsing language into my program. I planned on using `jq`, which there is a rust package for. However, there is some kind of compilation issue with the library and I switched to a rust implementation of the same package called `jaq` (I pronounce it jaque because that sounds funny). The CLI version of the tool works, but getting it to work through my own code is being a problem. I think several of my issue were because I was using the wrong package versions and different . I am confused on how to instantiate this language.

`ParseCtx` appears to hold the definitions of keywords and functions, which we can load additional functionality onto.
`jaq_parse::parse` parses the string with the parser we specify (`jaq_parse::main`). It outputs a tuple with a precursor to the filter and the errors.
`ParseCtx::compile` returns a finished filter


# Documents worked on
# Plans for next time
# Notes
# Questions


